
 Copyright (c) 2009 Gustavo Henrique Milaré
 See the file license for license information.

 A printing format function should take three arguments:

  - EXPONENT, the exponent of the number, i.e., the exponent to be used
    if all digits are printed as an integer.
    (In particular, if EXPONENT is non-negative, the number is integral).
    It will be 0 if number is special (i.e. infinity or NaN)

  - ADJUSTED-EXPONENT, the adjusted exponent of the number, i.e., the
    exponent to be used if only one digit is placed before the point.
    It will be 0 if number is a NaN or 1 if number is infinity.

  - DIGITS, the number of significant digits to be printed
    (including zeroes to the right). It will be 1 if the number is zero,
    and 0 if (and only if) the number is special.

 They have the mathematical relation

   EXPONENT + (DIGITS - 1) = ADJUSTED-EXPONENT

 and all are given to make manipulation easiear.

 This function must return these five values, in order (non-returned values are always nil):

  - PRINTED-EXPONENT, the exponent to be printed (after the 'E' character)
    or NIL not to use scientific notation.
    This is ignored if the number to be printed is special.

  - DOT-POSITION, the position of the point ('.').
    If positive, it tells how many digits will be printed before the point,
    including zeroes if necessary.
    If it is zero, a single zero digit will be placed before the point.
    If it is negative, a zero digit is placed, then the decimal point, then
    (- DOT-POSITION) zero digits are placed before the digits of the number.
    The dot is ommited if dot-position is nil
    This is ignored if the number to be printed is special.

  - PLACE-PLUS-P, tells if the sign '+' must be *placed* if the number is positive
    (or a positive zero, or an unsigned NaN). Its possible values are:
    nil - don't put any '+' signs
    :coefficient - place a '+' before the coefficient if it is positive
    :exponent - place a '+' before the exponent if it is positive
    t - place a '+' in both the exponent and coefficient
    

  - OMIT-MINUS-P, tells if the sign '-' must be *omitted* if the number is negative
    (or a negative zero, or a signed NaN). Its possible values are
    nil - put the '-' in the cofefficient and exponent where applicable
    :coefficient - omit the '-' before the coefficient if it is negative
    :exponent - omit the '-' before the exponent if it is negative
    t - omit the '-' in both the exponent and coefficient

  - PLACE-OPTIONAL-DOT-P, tells if the point should be placed at the end of an integer
    (e.g. 12345.e10), or, in other words, when DIGITS equals DOT-POSITION.

 If the printed number must represent the actual number, the relation

   (DOT-POSITION or DIGITS) - 1 + PRINTED-EXPONENT = ADJUSTED-EXPONENT

should be respected, but disrespecting it is valid if desired
(see, for instance, the :digits format). Also, if the precision
must be preserved, then DOT-POSITION must either less or equal than
DIGITS or nil.

 These relations are satisfyied only by :scientific, :engineering,
:exponencial, :signed-digits+exponent and :digits+exponent
among the standard formats.

 Examples: (values adjusted-exponent 1 nil nil) => :exponencial (exponencial notation with optional sign)
           (values nil nil nil t) => :unsigned-digits (only the digits of the number)
