
 Copyright (c) 2009-2013 Gustavo Henrique Milaré
 See the file license for license information.

 A rounding mode function will be called whenever there are some digits (zero or
not) to be discarded. In these situations, a DECIMAL-ROUNDED condition will be
raised if its corresponding flag is set.

 This function must accept three arguments.

  - DISCARDED-DIGITS, a number representing the relative value of the digits
    that will be discarded. It is a number between 0 and 10.
    Its value will be greater than, equal to or smaller than 5 if the
    discarded digits represent a value greater than, exactly equal or smaller
    than half of the value of a one in the least significant digit of the number
    to be rounded, respectively.

    For instance, if *precision* is 3 and the number to be rounded is 1.005,
    DISCARDED-DIGITS will be 5; if the number is 1.006 or 1.00999,
    DISCARDED-DIGITS will be some value between 6 and 9 (inclusive); if the
    number is 1.004 or 1.00001, DISCARDED-DIGITS will be some some value between
    1 and 4.

    If DISCARDED-DIGITS is 10, an overflow has occurred (before the rounding).
    If DISCARDED-DIGITS is 1 or 6, an underflow has occurred (before the
    rounding).
    If DISCARDED-DIGITS is 0, only zero digits are being discarded.

  - LAST-DIGIT, an integer which represents the value of the
    last non-discarded digit. It is 10 in case of overflow.

  - SIGNED-P, a boolean which tells if the number is negative.

 Only one value need to be returned, ROUND-UP-P, a boolean. If it is true, the
number will be rounded away from 0 (as if by DF-NEXT-UP), otherwise the
discarded digits are ignored.

 In the case of overflow (when DISCARDED-DIGITS is 10), if ROUND-UP-P is true,
the rounded number will be infinity with the sign of the number; if ROUND-UP-P
is NIL, the largest representable number in the current precision with the
apropriate sign is returned.

 If the number to be rounded is the largest representable number in the current
precision (of either sign) and ROUND-UP-P is true, then the rounded number will
be infinity.

 In the special case where DISCARDED-DIGITS is 1 or 6 and ROUND-UP-P is NIL, the
value returned will be a zero; if it is true, the number will be rounded to the
smallest representable non-zero number in the current precision with the
apropriate sign.

Examples: (plusp discarded-digits) => :round-up (rounds away from zero)
          nil => :round-down (rounds toward zero)
          (>= discarded-digits 5) => :round-half-up